README.md, before:

# remote job listings

This is a collection of job boards specifically for remote IT jobs. I made this repo to collect info for friends who were recently laid off. **I'm not affiliated with any of these platforms**... yet? 🫥

I've *curated* the list on `2025-10-07`. This means I checked whether:

* the website works
* the jobs are kinda new, with the newest posted within a week

| **Website** | **Notes** |
|---|---|
| [Himalayas.app](https://himalayas.app/) | Mostly US-based remote only. |
| [We Work Remotely](https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/search) | Well maintained and has LinkedIn integration. |
| [PostHog's Cool tech jobs](https://posthog.com/cool-tech-jobs) | Hand-picked by the PostHog team. It's cool, but not always up-to-date. |
| [Cord](https://cord.co/) | Mostly UK-only, but has nice filters. |
| [PowerToFly](https://powertofly.com/) | Requires an account, did not try it. Updated frequently, but no info on when positions are posted. |
| [RemoteHub](https://remotehub.io/remote-jobs/) | You have to Ctrl/⌘ + f to search. |
| [Remotive](https://remotive.com/) | Requires an account, did not try it. |
| [Indeed](https://www.indeed.com/) | Updated frequently, but no info on when positions are posted. |
| [Wellfound](https://wellfound.com/jobs) | Requires an account. Mostly US-based, but has a nice filter for startups that hire remotely [here](https://wellfound.com/discover/startups?location=remote-friendly). Also has a weekly newsletter that lists recendly funded startups [here](https://wellfound.com/discover/blog/newsletters). Nice! |
| [No Fluff Jobs](https://nofluffjobs.com/) | Mostly central EU. |
| [Working Nomads](https://www.workingnomads.com/jobs) | Updated frequentl. |
| [Hacker News Hiring](https://hnhiring.com/locations/remote)  | Lists remote jobs from [Hacker News' job postings](https://news.ycombinator.com/jobs). |
| [Welcome to the Jungle](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en)  | Mainly EU jobs, mostly for France. |

Commit message:

Update job board listings and curation date
Updated the curation date and added notes about old postings not being removed for some job boards.

README.md, after:

# remote job listings

This is a collection of job boards specifically for remote IT jobs. I made this repo to collect info for friends who were recently laid off. **I'm not affiliated with any of these platforms**... yet? 🫥

I've *curated* the list on `2025-11-23`. This means I checked whether:

* the website works
* the jobs are kinda new, with the newest posted within a week

| **Website** | **Notes** |
|---|---|
| [Himalayas.app](https://himalayas.app/) | Mostly US-based remote only. |
| [We Work Remotely](https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/search) | Well maintained and has LinkedIn integration. |
| [PostHog's Cool tech jobs](https://posthog.com/cool-tech-jobs) | Hand-picked by the PostHog team. It's cool, but not always up-to-date as old postings are not removed. ⚠️|
| [Cord](https://cord.co/) | Mostly UK-only, but has nice filters. |
| [RemoteHub](https://remotehub.io/remote-jobs/) | You have to Ctrl/⌘ + f to search. Watch out, old postings are not removed. ⚠️ |
| [Indeed](https://www.indeed.com/) | Updated frequently, but no info on when positions are posted. |
| [Wellfound](https://wellfound.com/jobs) | Requires an account. Mostly US-based, but has a nice filter for startups that hire remotely [here](https://wellfound.com/discover/startups?location=remote-friendly). Also has a weekly newsletter that lists recendly funded startups [here](https://wellfound.com/discover/blog/newsletters). Nice! |
| [No Fluff Jobs](https://nofluffjobs.com/) | Mostly central EU. |
| [Working Nomads](https://www.workingnomads.com/jobs) | Updated frequently. |
| [Hacker News Hiring](https://hnhiring.com/locations/remote)  | Lists remote jobs from [Hacker News' job postings](https://news.ycombinator.com/jobs). |
| [Welcome to the Jungle](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en)  | Mainly EU jobs, mostly for France. |
